Component Snapshot docs (#627)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/ecs/component-generation.md

> ## Overview

Reviewer: Just noticed this doc is in ECS directory. TBH, the directory structure is a bit of a mess due to Docs-mageddon. Will add it to my "fiddle about with things" task.

The code generator generates two structs for each SpatialOS component defined in schema. The generation process places these structs in namespace according to the schemalang component name: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}`. The two structs it generates are:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a namespace
```
* Think it needs an indefinite article? ("a")?
*

Reviewer: `to the schemalang component name` -> what do we mean by that - we have ECS components, SpatialOS components, GameObject components, (and, of course, SpatialOScomponents which are really GameObject components - but I don't want to go there right now!)
Do we mean `the SpatialOS component listed in schemalang`?

Also - REALLY LOVELY active voice. Super clear text. <3 this.

  * A `struct` which implements `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISpatialComponentSnapshot`. Its fully qualified name is: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Snapshot`.

>   * A `struct` which implements `Unity.Entities.IComponentData`, `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISpatialComponentData`, and `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISnapshottable<{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Snapshot>`. Its fully qualified name is: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Component`.

Author: Not sure whether better to write the third generic as `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISnapshottable<Snapshot>`

These structs only contain the defined schema data fields. They do *not* contain any fields or methods relating to [commands]({{urlRoot}}/content/ecs/sending-receiving-component-commands) or [events (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary#event) defined on that component.

## Generation details

> ### Snapshot

Reviewer: Got to here. Haven't finished. Have to get train.

## Overview

The code generator generates two structs for each SpatialOS component defined in schema. The generation process places these structs in a namespace according to the SpatialOS component name: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}`. The two structs it generates are:

>   * A `struct` which implements `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISpatialComponentSnapshot`. Its fully qualified name is: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Snapshot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For snapsots </br>
  A `struct` which implements `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISpatialComponentSnapshot`. Its fully qualified name is: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Snapshot`.
```

Author: I'll add something similar to this... without the `<br/>`s 😛

>   * A `struct` which implements `Unity.Entities.IComponentData`, `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISpatialComponentData`, and `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISnapshottable<{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Snapshot>`. Its fully qualified name is: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Component`.

Reviewer: * For components:
```suggestion
  * For components: </br>
  A `struct` which implements `Unity.Entities.IComponentData`, `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISpatialComponentData`, and `Improbable.Gdk.Core.ISnapshottable<{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Snapshot>`. Its fully qualified name is: `{schema package}.{name of schema component}.Component`.
```

These structs only contain the defined schema data fields. They do *not* contain any fields or methods relating to [commands]({{urlRoot}}/content/ecs/sending-receiving-component-commands) or [events (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary#event) defined on that component.

## Generation details

> ### Snapshot

Reviewer: These titles don't tie up with the list of structs without having to think about it - I think the initial list of the two structs should be referenced as "snapshot" and "component" so that they tie up with these sections.

This struct contains the following fields:

>   * the public property `uint ComponentId` to read the component ID of this component as defined in schemalang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * the public property `uint ComponentId` to read the component ID of this component as defined in [schemalang (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary#schemalang)
```

Reviewer: Good idea to link to what this means - we don't have it in the local glossary but I think it should be in there, really. Will add to my non-urgent TODOs. (the list is growing.)

Author: Link to what? The component ID ?

> Additionally, for each field defined in your schema file, the generated C# struct creates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for each field defined in your [schema]( ({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schema) file, the generated C# struct creates:
```

  
  * a public field corresponding to the field defined in schemalang.

### Component

This struct contains the following fields:

>   * the public property `uint ComponentId` to read the component ID of this component as defined in schemalang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * the public property `uint ComponentId` to read the component ID of this component as defined in [schemalang (SpatialOS documentation)](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/glossary#schemalang).
```

>   * the public property `uint ComponentId` to read the component ID of this component as defined in schemalang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * the public property `uint ComponentId` to read the component ID of this component as defined in schemalang.
```

>   * the private fields `byte dirtyBits{i}`, which represents a bitmask used internally to identify whether a component field needs to be replicated to the SpatialOS runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * the private fields `byte dirtyBits{i}`, which represents a bitmask used internally to identify whether a component field needs to be replicated to the SpatialOS [Runtime]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-runtime).
```

Reviewer: Runtime is a proper noun.

Additionally, for each field defined in your schema file, the generated C# struct creates:

>   * a private field corresponding to the field defined in schemalang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * a private field corresponding to the field defined in schemalang.
```

>   * a public property that can be used for reading and writing the value of this field. Changing the value of this property sets the corresponding `dirtyBit` to true.

Reviewer: I know the original text says this but, 
...."can be used" is passive voice. Who or what uses it? Does our user use it as part of their development or is it used internally, by the GDK and SpatialOS?
...who changes the value of the property? I guess or user during development. It's clearer to tell them; 
"If you change the value of this property, the corresponding `dirtybit` sets to true.

Author: Both the user and the GDK reads and writes the property

Reviewer: Can they both change the value of the property too or is it only the lovely user?

The struct also contains the following methods:
```csharp
public static Improbable.Worker.Core.ComponentData CreateSchemaComponentData({arguments: the fields defined in schemalang})
```

> This method can be used to add this component to your [entity template]({{urlRoot}}/content/entity-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this method to add this component to your [entity template]({{urlRoot}}/content/entity-templates).
```

Make it active voice; tell the user what to do directly. It's much clearer. :-)

```csharp
public Snapshot ToComponentSnapshot(Unity.Entities.World world);
```

> This method can be used to convert this component into the corresponding `ISpatialComponentSnapshot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this method to convert this component into the corresponding `ISpatialComponentSnapshot`.
```

Author: This is what I get for copy pasting
